ogpc story idea
---------------------------------------
theme is cycles
dont make a platformer (Platformers are cringe) (there can be platformer-type mechanics, but not just pure platformer)

the player is a human. not just any ordinary human, but a special human. a human with a special condition. this condition is because of a failed vaccine trial in the 90s, with the vaccine in question being from a random obscure pharmaceutical company in rural wyoming, to cure an equally obscure disease known as Hantavirus Pulmonary Syndrome (yes this is a real disease, look it up). this trial was only performed on 4 people. the vaccine was perfect, with all subjects being completely immune to HPS. but of course a drug for a virus with only 850 recorded cases cant go very far. so it was swiftly forgotten about only 3 months later, and that was that. but the ten subjects experienced a very unusual phenomenon: reincarnation. they definitely aged and passed like every other normal person, that was for sure, but they would just never truly lose everything. every time they died, they came right back at it ("Get Back at it" should be a name for one of the songs in the games OST), with all their memories still intact, as someone else. they go on and on, watching every generation florish and fall, until something very bad happened: the world straight up just ended, the cause having been a war that ended in multiple different countries deploying every nuclear weapon they had as a last-ditch effort (or at least, thats what happened as far as the public is aware). with nothing left of earth, there was nothing left on earth to bring these reincarnates ("Reincarnate 1" might be a good name for the main character and/or the name of the game) back to consciousness. 

at least, thats what you would think.

the player is brought back as an alien. their goal is to find out what happened to everyone else in the trial, discover the intergalactic conspiracy surrounding the death of earth, and eventually find the mysterious circumstances behind their existence. gameplay mechanics would include reincarnation and maybe some other stuff that oscar comes up with




